threadexception enhancements (#13016)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/13016.improvement.rst

A number of :ref:`threadexception <threadexception>` enhancements:

> * Set the excepthook as early as possible and unset it as late as possible, to collect the most possible number of unraisable exceptions.

Author: ```suggestion
* Set the excepthook as early as possible and unset it as late as possible, to collect the most possible number of unraisable exceptions.
* join threads for 1 second just before unsetting the excepthook, to collect any straggling exceptions
```

A number of :ref:`threadexception <unraisable>` enhancements:

> * Set the excepthook as early as possible and unset it as late as possible, to collect the most possible number of unraisable exceptions.

Author: ```suggestion
* Set the excepthook as early as possible and unset it as late as possible, to collect the most possible number of unhandled exceptions from threads.
```
